[Music]
all right here's a little cheat sheet
for you pay attention nine types of
non-physical acts that are still
cheating well according to statistics
whoever they are around forty five
percent of men and thirty five percent
of women have admitted to having some
sort of emotional affair that's right
cheating isn't necessarily just physical
it can be we harder to define an
emotional affair but here are the nine
typical signs of non-physical
infidelity Before we jump into that take
a moment to subscribe to our channel and
turn on post notifications so you'll be
the first to see our new updates alright
here we go number one you're too close
to your opposite sex friend tandem bikes
love seats see sauce you know some
things are just built for two people and
a relationship is one of them it's like
a bicycle adding a third wheel is only
gonna throw off the balance the
situation can get even stickier when
that third wheel is a significant others
opposite sex friend nobody's saying that
men and women can't be just friends but
if your gut is telling you there may be
an attraction between your partner and
their friend then it's better to address
the issue directly remember that well
attraction is not a choice
cheating definitely is an affair doesn't
just randomly happen only you can make a
choice to give in to your temptations or
not go down that slippery slope number
two you flirt online and offline virtual
relationships with a number of different
people at once are much easier to
sustain than one in real life
for that reason virtual polygamy can
absolutely coexist with offline monogamy
in many ways the internet gives us the
same type of relationship building
opportunities we have in real life
nevertheless anonymous online flirting
as well as the offline sort is still an
affair but the good news is that you can
use social media messengers and online
sources to strengthen your relationship
reduce emotional distance healthy use of
the internet between partners builds
bridges instead of barriers and it
facilitates online socializing as a
couple it can be a healthy mode of extra
communication between two lovebirds
number three you're having an affair
with your phone
most of us wake up and immediately check
our phones before we even say good
morning to the person lying next to us
this kind of distance while still being
in the same room can be pretty dangerous
because it makes us think we're close to
someone when in fact we're not at least
not emotionally according to a recent
survey conducted by Bank of America
four out of ten Millennials considered
their cell phone more helpful than their
significant other Wow hold on absorb hmm
this creepy statistic really shows us
the problem with the reality we live in
today instead of talking to their
partner friend or family member
people are diving into virtual reality
to distract themselves with funny cat
memes and mean tweets why can't we just
spend less time on our phones well it's
often because we see this the same way
we do diets as acts of self deprivation
nobody likes to restrain themselves and
that's why it's incredibly hard so try
to focus on the goals that you will
achieve if you cut back on phone time
give this video a like if you're
interested in at least trying it number
four you constantly complain about your
partner to others oh that's not good a
lot of people confide in their friends
and family about their relationship
issues and that's fine even guys gossip
now and then guilty what's not fine is
constantly complaining about your
partner to others you might think that
this complaining is a way to deal with
your problems but you aren't really
doing anything with your partner in
order to resolve your issues you
actually just end up creating even more
space between the two of you imagine if
you overheard your significant other
talking about you behind your back I bet
you'd feel betrayed if you want to break
free from the negative and destructive
aspects of your relationship never be
mad at your partner for
they don't even know they're doing wrong
talk to them number five you cross the
line with strangers emotional infidelity
is as dangerous as adultery because it's
intense yet invisible of course you may
genuinely love your partner but when
some of your actions cross into cheating
territory you're at risk of losing
someone important in your life going to
questionable places alone can cause you
to do things you wouldn't normally do
like cheat for example you meet a guy at
a bar and he starts flirting with you he
flatters you and you feel like you're
getting something that's missing in your
actual relationship take this as a red
flag that something's missing between
you and your partner if you need someone
especially a complete stranger to fill
whatever void you have in your
relationship you're crossing the line
into emotional infidelity and that can
even be the most painful kind of
cheating there is number six you have a
secret friend people who have been
together for a while tend to be really
open with each other
so stumbling across a text from your
partner's BFF is unlikely to arouse any
suspicions it's not fair or realistic to
expect your spouse to fill your every
need meeting a friend for a drink or
whatever is totally fine
and is actually good for a relationship
you should have friends that being said
if you're going out of your way to hide
something or someone from your partner
then it doesn't take a rocket scientist
to figure out that you're feeling a
little guilty about something maybe you
feel that your secret friend is a threat
to your relationship and don't want to
admit this fact if you're relying on
someone for emotional support and that
person is an inner romantic relationship
with you you're setting yourself up for
some trouble with your partner the only
way out for you is to admit it to
yourself and figure out why you're being
secretive in the first place number
seven you fantasize about others one of
the fatal flaws of our culture is that
we take everything at face value we want
to believe the
every dream we have each night is a
direct reflection of reality so when you
have a dream where you're making love
with someone other than your partner
your first response is to panic and
think oh no this must mean I don't
really love my spouse
yeah keep calm and relaxed it's
completely okay to occasionally have
some little fantasies about Jason Momoa
six-pack or Gigi Hadid 'he's flawless
body but if you're consistently
daydreaming about a sexual partner other
than your partner this could be
considered emotional infidelity and it
could lead to a sexual affair because it
means you're disconnected from your
spouse the only way to control it is to
openly talk to your significant other
about your sexual desires let them know
what you like and don't like in bed and
have them share the same with you if
your love life with your partner changes
for the better it'll be hard to imagine
yourself with anyone else number eight
you lie about your finances they say a
relationship without trust is like a car
without gas you can stay in it as long
as you want but it ain't going anywhere
according to the results of a poll that
surveyed some 23,000 online users more
than 60% of both men and women consider
financial infidelity just as heinous as
a physical affair
what's more one-third of the respondents
felt that financial infidelity could
even lead to a sexual affair the
immediate problem with financial
dishonesty like any other type of lying
is that Trust is lost and when that
happens the relationship immediately
loses any chance of success as a result
most couples either separate or divorce
because it's just too hard to live with
and depend on someone who keeps things
from you remember the love you feel for
the dollars in your bank account is
nothing compared to the love of a loyal
spouse number 9 you don't stand up for
your partner you and your beloved should
always be a team when the going gets
tough you should feel safe knowing that
you have someone to rely on but if your
boyfriend or girlfriend
and won't stand up for you it's possible
that they don't consider the
relationship as serious as you do the
only thing you can do to encourage them
to support you is to be honest about
your feelings and expectations if you
want your relationship to have any shot
at success you have to realize that from
the moment you understood that you
sincerely loved this person you made a
choice you chose to make this individual
priority number one at least if it's
true love so let your family and friends
know that when it comes to your
significant other and your relationship
there is a line that they can't cross so
do you think emotional infidelity really
counts as cheating share your thoughts
on the matter in the comments section
below make sure to like this video and
send it to your friends they need to be
aware of this tricky topic too if you're
new to our channel don't forget to
subscribe so you won't miss any of our
updates remember life is always better
on the bright side
[Music]